Golden Test Set Functional test cases natural language


A. audit

cap up

Input: It was the best of times, it was the worst of TIMES, it was the age of wisdom.

output: It was the best of times, it was the worst of TIMES, it was the age of wisdom.

Hex Bin

Input: Simply add 66 and 2 and you will see the result is 68.

output: Simply add 66 and 2 and you will see the result is 68.



Input: There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.

output:.



Input: Punctuation tests are... kinda boring, what do you think?

output: Punctuation tests are... kinda boring, what do you think?



Input: I am exactly how they describe me: 'awesome'

output: I am exactly how they describe me: 'awesome'

, tricky edge cases

up, N

Input: we saw the BRIGHT, AND SHINING SUN..

: 4 case.

output: we saw the BRIGHT, AND SHINING SUN.

Quotes

,, quotes '',
   
Input: She said: 'I will SHOUT now'and left.
Output: She said: 'I will SHOUT now'and left.



Input: test 30 sample

: hex 30 up 30 Output: test 30 sample

an an with H

Input: She saw an Honest man. She found an house.

: h: an honest an honest

output: She saw an Honest man. She found an house.



Input: Wait!? Why... no?

:!?!?!?;.....

Output: Wait!? Why... no?

It was the best of times, it was the worst of TIMES, it was the age of wisdom.
Simply add 66 and 2 and you will see the result is 68.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Punctuation tests are... kinda boring, what do you think?
I am exactly how they describe me: 'awesome'.
we saw the BRIGHT, AND SHINING SUN..
She said: 'I will SHOUT now'and left.
test 30 sample.
She saw an Honest man. She found an house.
Wait!? Why... no?
It was an incredible day, the sun was shining, and we saw 30 birds flying across the SKY!
then, john said: 'this is an happy moment', but i told him It Was 5 Times Better.
later, an honest man approached and whispered: 'you are an hero'!!
in the distance, we could hear an echo of laughter... It Felt Like A Dream, TRULY UNFORGETTABLE!
and finally, we all shouted VICTORY together, because it was ours.

It was the best of times, it was the worst of TIMES, it was the age of wisdom.
Simply add 66 and 2 and you will see the result is 68.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Punctuation tests are... kinda boring, what do you think?
I am exactly how they describe me: 'awesome'.
we saw the BRIGHT, AND SHINING SUN.
She said: 'I will SHOUT now'and left.
test 30 sample.
She saw an Honest man. She found an house.
Wait!? Why... no?
it was an incredible day, the sun was shining, and we saw 30 birds flying across the SKY!
then, John said: 'This is an happy moment', but I told him It Was 5 Times Better.
later, an honest man approached and whispered: 'you are an hero'!!
in the distance, we could hear an echo of laughter... It Felt Like A Dream, TRULY UNFORGETTABLE!
and finally, we all shouted VICTORY together, because it was ours.


